PRO177     P/OS Hard Disk  Version: 3.2, October 1989

Submitted by: Digital Equipment Corporation

Operating System: P/OS V3.2  Memory Required: 512KB  Hardware
Required: PC350 or PC380 with minimum 10 meg hard disk and floating
point adapter.  Keywords: Operating System, Professional 300 Series -
P/OS

Abstract: P/OS Hard Disk is a disk-based, multi-programming,
priority-structured, event-driven operating system, which
includes:
. P/OS Hard Disk User interface
. P/OS Hard Disk Record Management System
. CORE Graphics Library
. PRO/GIDIS Graphics Tools
. DECnet Support
. DECtouch Driver
. PROSE Editor
. EDT Editor
. Backup and Restore Capabilities - Backup and Restore
  Application and Backup and Restore Utility (BRU)
. Disk Maintenance Utility
. System Installation and Customization Utility
. Digital Command Language (DCL) user interface; can be used
  in many cases as an alternative to the menu-based user
  interface.

Both the Professional 300 and P/OS support the Digital
Multi-national Character set.  By using eight rather than
seven bits to represent a character, the character may be
used to define both the ASCII characters and other
characters including most Western European Characters.  The
compose key allows typing of composite characters not
represented on the keyboard legend.

The P/OS Hard Disk User Interface is a hierachy of menus and
forms through which the user interacts with the operating
system, utilities and applications.  A menu may be a list of
applications, a list of files or directories, or a list of
other menus.  Included are File Services, Print Services and
Environment Services.

Following is a list of the manuals you will receive when you
order Media Service Charge Code (EG):
  "P/OS Server User's Guide"
  "PROSE User's Guide"
  "PRO/EDT User's Guide"
  "Command Language User's Guide"
   "Hard Disk System User's Guide"
  "Hard Disk System for Beginners"
  "Hard Disk System Error Guide"
  "P/OS Hard Disk System Release Notes"

Notes: This program is also included on DECUS No. VS0112.

Documentation available in hardcopy only. Sources not included.

Media (Service Charge Code): User's Manual (EG), Twenty-One RX50
Diskettes (JP)  Format: P/OS
.
